#labels bitlyj2.0,Featured
#Release plan for 2.0.

I've gotten bitlyj 2 to a satisfactory state, so I'm ready to start the countdown for a stable release, after which stable artifacts will be available in the maven central repositories. The date of this writing is Monday, July 19th, So here's the plan:

 * *Stabilize the API.* As of today the API is fairly stable. I'm going to allow about 2 weeks for any changes I feel should be made, and so as of *Sunday, August 1st*, the 2.0 API will be final (barring any unforeseen issues). I don't foresee making any such changes, but if I do, I will bring it up on the list.

 * *Last call for additions to officially implemented methods.* As of now, the bit.ly methods supported are `shorten`, `expand`, `info`, and `clicks`. If you want any others made available, make your request by Sunday, August 8th. Remember, you can easily implement any methods not officially supported by bitlyj. However, if any missing are of significant interest, I want to include them.

 * *Fix any critical bugs.* Assuming all goes as planned, I want to allow one more week for any fixes that must be made. Therefore, the tentative release date for bitlyj 2 is Sunday, August 15th. After that all issues will be queued for a subsequent release.

It's a simple library, so there's lots of flexibility in terms of planning. I'd also be open to 3rd party additions (like new method implementations), provided the code is well written and properly unit tested. The project is managed by maven with junit as the test framework, so keep that in mind.